docs: docs for pop bench command (#25)
r0gue-io/pop-docs: pop-cli-for-appchains/pop-cli/build.md

pop build --release
```

> To build your parachain for benchmarking, run the below command will build your parachain with the `runtime-benchmarks` feature enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build your chain for benchmarking, run the below command which will build your binary with the `runtime-benchmarks` feature enabled:
```

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-docs/pull/25/commits/1e2c6f371406466c64a93093c37aef9bc40bdd1b
